feat: Add tsconfig and transpile options (#3270)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/dirty-bats-unite.md

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/generator-common': major
'@sap-cloud-sdk/generator': major
---

> [New Functionality] Introduced options `transpile` and `tsconfig` to configure transpilation for a generated OData client

Reviewer: [pp] I'd use the more general plural here.
[req] End with a fullstop.

```suggestion
[New Functionality] Introduced options `transpile` and `tsconfig` to configure transpilation for generated OData clients.
```
